- Well, it is my pleasure
to have somebody that I
have admired for decades,
Linus Torvalds, joining me on...
At the Innovation Conference
for a conversation
about history of Linux,
technology, open source.
So, if you don't mind, Linus,
maybe just start out telling
us the early days, right?
When Linux was getting underway
and what was that like?
And, take us back, right?
You're now 30 years old, right?
A little bit over a 30
years old for Linux.
So, this has been an incredible journey.
So, take us back to the beginning.
- Right, so 32 years ago,
I got a new computer,
and I was used to home computers,
and I came from, for the geeks among you,
I was used to 6502 CPUs originally,
and then upgraded to the 68K series.
And, the C80 camp and the 8086 camp
was kind of strange to me.
The ugly instructions--
- What, you didn't like
that segmentation style?
- I really did not like
that at all, right?